manifest: Add TF-M with FPU and FICR fixes (#6947)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

|no_changes_yet_note|

> Trusted Firmware-M

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trusted Firmware-M
================
```

> * Fixed the NCSDK-13949 issue where TF-M Secure Image copied FICR to RAM on nrf9160.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the NCSDK-13949 known issue where the TF-M Secure Image would copy FICR to RAM on nRF9160.
```

> * Fixed the NCSDK-12306 issue where a usage fault was triggered in debug build on nrf9160.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the NCSDK-12306 known issue where a usage fault would be triggered in the debug build on nRF9160.
```
